Chapter 3

<<< Going Back To Aureil Pov

she open the front door and announce her arrival

"I'm home"

she goes to a kitchen and open a big box that is so cold it can preserved food

she grabs some meat of an animal from the box and close it then she goes to a magical stove from the city and cooks the meat

"good grief who are they? i dont want to approach them but they needing some help" 

if you are wondering why then lets go back 13 years ago
<<<<<

"Aureil  we will living in a big mansion inside the vast forest" Father

"really....i want to go there father" Child

"sure but promise to me reveal it to anyone or it will be destroyed" Father

"i promise" Child

>>>>> going back to the future

she did her cooking and goes to the table to eat

suddenly the doorbell of the house rang

"Huh? im living in the forest....they probably from academy since i did not attend today" Aureil

the academy restrict rules said that going absent without prior notice will given you bad points for your reputation as a punishment, having bad reputation can get you drop off the academy for a year. a school professor may home visit the student to check if the student in question has a emergency or a vaild reason to be absent and revoke the punishment

she goes to the door and open it

"Hello?" Aureil

to her surprise its the group of girls earlier

"Who are you? [Fireball]" Aureil

she raise her hand and summon a fireball on her hand


== Meanwhile Somewhere In the Sky

(Your Highness, A Powerful Magic Has Been Detected On The Forest Of Calamity) Operator 1

(Is it a threat against us) King

(No Your Highness, It Seems Like Its A Monster Using Their Magic And Died) Operator

(Well Then Ignore It For Now, Also Lower The Call Chamber) King

Suddenly a hollowed cylinder made in glass started to lowered trapping the king and any sound from inside

the king open a strange magical tool

and decided to put it in his ears


== Meanwhile Somewhere In ?????

(Hello) ???

(Hello King Whats You Up To Now?) ???

(a monster trying to cast a magic spell and died to mana excaustion, are you making overpowered monster?) King

(Hehe, no you misunderstood what happended) ???

(what? can you tell me what happened) king

(because i teleport 8 people from a world named "earth" and that monster is in the way so it cant be help) ???

(you what? you teleport 8 people but did you even give them something) King

(i forgot) ???

(You Forget? What a Monster You Are) King

(Sorry, but i hope Auriel will help them ) ???

(Why are you trusting that girl anyway) King

== Back To The Group 

the girls are scared that they try to hide and run away

<Ouwha> 

<Its that the girl we saw earlier>

<Hideee>

 ==To Auriel's POV

"Why are they here" Auriel

Suddenly a Paper Fallen From The Roof This Time The Color Is Red

She Grabs The Paper And Read It

"Can you instead help their problem? also use [Translation] to make them understand you"

"okay.......you said so" Auriel

and then she cancel her fireball

she cast [Translation] and Target The Group

"What The Hell Was That" Marcus

"Can You All Show Yourself Now?" Auriel

All 8 student show their heads in fear and then Auriel

"okay then can you all 8 come inside and tell me what happened?" Auriel


"This is so suspicious but we cannot go anywhere anyway" Elle whispers to the group

"She might kidnap us but yea " marcus


"lets go?" Auriel suddenly behind them and pull Pepper to the mansion


>> Auriel's Mansion

They went to the living room where it contains 6 long sofas and a big table on the middle

"Go a head take a sit" Auriel

The Group Slowly Take A Sit

"im gonna go and cook something give me a minute" Auriel

Auriel Left And The Scared Group Started To Talk

"Why is she now helping us?" Pepper

"this is going weirder and weirder" Christine

"If she did something to us marcus" Rose

"wha- why me?"  Marcus

While They Talking To Each other

A Paper Has Fallen To A Table And Started To Emit A Flickering Lights

Marcus Then Reach The Paper To Open It And Read It Out Load

"Welcome To Your New World Students" 

"As You Can See You Got Teleported Out From Your World To This World"

"What We Really Got Isekai'ed" Axel

"This World Contains Magical Things That Are Not In Your World"

"Oh I Did Not Given You All Some 'OP' Magic To Begin With"

"You What?" Marcus

"Because That Would Be Boring So For Now"

"I Will Randomly Give You All Your Magic Depending On The Events That Happen"

"Also I Asked Auriel To Help You So Yeah :D"

Suddenly The Color Of The Paper Turned Gray

"What Did You Do" Christine

"I Did Not Do Anything" Marcus

While They In Shambles Auriel Gets Back A Trolley Full Of Luxurious Food

"Hello Everyone?....what happened" Auriel



Tags:
  Story