Chapter 1


"Umm what are those thing dad?" 

a cute girl questioning the webs in the sky

"Auriel, Those are skytread they are helping us to protect our kingdom"

Her Dad answering her question

"Can i go there?"

"Not yet but One day we will go there and spend sometime"

Her Father died due to illiness and the promise never delivered

12 Years has passed and she is now 15 years old 

One night while returning to her bedroom to sleep 

she remembered her father's promise

she grabs a key from her breast pocket

"One day we will go there and spend sometime"

promise to make her father's promise come true at least

Auriel arrived to her bedroom's door and she open it

her room have a Comfy bed, cabinet, a chandelier and a Door to nothing...

She is surprise theres a free standing door on her room

she went on the front of the door and tried to open the door 

but its so heavy that it cant even budge and gave up

she change to her sleeping outfit and went to bed..

8 hours has passed and she woken up from her sleep

*ahhh good morning from nightmares*

Auriel went to her cabinet to change to her usual dress and inspect the heavy door on the middle of the room

and found that theres symbol that use ancient symbol

there are 8 symbols and 1 that are glowing

*I have no clue what are these...oh no am late for entrance exam*

she remembered about her entrance exam and went to the kitchen to cook...

Auriel is settled in a remote mansion in the middle of the woods. 

She inherited the mansion after her father passed away and is likely still processing the grief.

She lives there by herself and often spends her days alone.

she would rather be alone than having the maid guild assign a maid to a mantion at the middle of the forest full of monsters 

after she finish cooking and eat

she left the mantion and went thru the wilderness to get in the academy

on this world anyone with the age of 13 and above are called adults and all child restrictions are lift

after an hour and a half of walk and breaks she reach the academy

the kingdom's academy is the largest academy in the continent that even Royalty, Nobles, and Commoners from different kingdom are all together in a single academy because of its reputation

this is her first time going into the academy
 
*It So Big!* #Someone surely gonna get this out of context

she was shock because of the size of the entrance that she froze for while

as the academy's bell started to ring Auriel went to a classrooms

on the room there are 120 chairs

 they are allowed to pick what chair they want

as per usual.. Cheating in any way will immediately kick you out and never be able to take the exam for a year

she pick the chair on the center-right from the door and wait for other participants to start the exam

a professor go to the front of the room to sign the start of the exam

"you may begin"

everyone in the room flip their papers and start answering the exam

it would take 3 Hours to finish entrance exam

the exam contains question about Magic, Types, Monster, Topography, History, Abilities, Elements, Artifacts and More.

the exam is very hard you need to get atleast 40% to pass and only 25k or less students pass the entrance exam per year

she finish the exam 1 hour before the time limit and take a nap

bell rang as the exam is about to close

Auriel woke up just as the professor about to announce something.

Her eyes slowly adjusted to the bright lights of the room

as she struggled to keep from yawning. She was exhausted after having taken the entrance exam

which she'd spent nearly all of her time preparing for. Despite her tiredness

Auriel was curious what it was that the professor was announcing

so she sat forward in her chair and focused on listening.

"Times up everyone flip your papers. make sure to put a name on it. the passing names will be posted in the academy's board tommorow with what room you will be in"

she left the room and return to her home

a day later

Auriel woke up in the morning and began her daily routine

which now include checking the heavy door that had suddenly appeared in the middle of her room.

She was excited to see if she had passed the entrance exam and what room she would be placed in at the academy. 

Upon arriving at the academy, auriel found a crowd gathered around a board where scores were being listed. 

"what score is that?"

"are they joking?"

"who is this person?"

"who is this rich girl"

"she is probably a noble using her money"

"Did she bribe the principal?"

To the surprise of everyone, someone who is in top of the board got a perfect score. 

everyone murmur as they look at the board the person in the first place got 100%

the highest score in the history of the academy is 68%

so everyone is shock that someone beat the record by a large margin 

Even the principal confirmed that her score was accurate and unassisted

 it still cause a even worse uproar amongst the students.

"but thats too high"

"Yeah"

but to Auriel's surprise...she is the top student

*HEEEEEEEEEEEH*

theres no such thing as entrance ceremony in this academy anymore due to the fact 13 years ago

 68 students who got a high score got killed during the ceremony Including one of the royalty's princess

she quickly find the room name and find her room

The room was on the 23rd floor of the 5th building on the 2nd room, designated A2352.

The building was one of many throughout the campus,

each of 50 buildings have 32 floors containing 60 rooms each.

The room assignment system was random

meaning even those with low scores can ended up in rooms filled with students with the highest scores.

Entering the room, she was greeted with the sight of 100 other students, all passing the time as best they could.

a teacher enter the room

all the students get to a chair where they like to

Auriel pick their chair and she listen to the teacher 

"Hello Everyone, My Name Is Ryo and i would be your homeroom teacher for the rest of the year"

The Teacher write his name on the board

and the day goes on until the bell rang for the last time indicating that end of today's class

she packed her things and went home



Tags:
  Done, Story